windows-installation.md Update. (how to auto start HeidiSQL and XAMPP on windows startup) (#26)
qbcore-framework/qb-docs: guides/windows-installation.md

![Marking the checkbox will install the corresponding service on your machine](../.gitbook/assets/zFwKbxO.png)

> If you want to start HeidiSQL and XAMPP when windows starts up. Launch XAMPP in administrator, Click the config box on the top right of the window. Then where it says "Autostart of modules Click Apache and MySQL, Then save the config on the bottom right. Thats all you have to do! Now you dont have to worry about launching XAMPP to start your database. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to auto start HeidiSQL and XAMPP when Windows starts. Launch XAMPP in administrator, Click the config box on the top right of the window. You should see a section called "Autostart of modules". In that section, toggle Apache and MySQL, then click save the config on the bottom right. Thats all you have to do!
```
Sounds better / grammatical fixes
